I remember my brother calling
behind me he said reads moving
on the right reads moving reads
and then it was like a landmine
going off
well done on to the hip on
drawers open clusters exposed
and i sent the back
yeah
this animal put the tusks
straight through the hole in the
bottom and throw something in
the sky
damages that
just those two tasks the front
ones the shop went straight
through the hole
we were in the upper reaches of
the creature river
this is the Okavango River is
most important tributary 14 of
us we're on this unexplored
event
go to the back go to the bank
its ultimate consequences aren't
they
there are no roads there's no
axis it was our defensive i
think the most important thing
about them is they are
incredibly powerful
that's - 10 animals able to lift
its entire body out of the water
and passion -
you saw over 570 pose that's
being with probabilities little
bit of a wake-up call today
yeah